[Musso]
Where the fuck is Deacon?
He's gone forever.
But before he checked out.
I got everything.
Before I give you all this info.
I want a federal liquor license.
-Hey.
-My God. is that a ghost?
Did Quiet Ray take a contract
out on me?
He did.
And did he hire the best?
-You think he's playing you?
-No.
He's giving us a break.
Why the break?
'Cause I saved his life
in the joint
about 20 years ago.
Quiet Ray.
he sent a New York hitter out
to whack you.
Let's go have a little
meet and greet.
♪ exciting music ♪
We lost six distributors.
including Premium Spirits.
That's not goddamn possible.
You give your life!
Your goddamn blood!
[man] Mr. Dunmire would like
to speak to you.
[engine revving]
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
Come on. Let's go.
[truck door closes]
Miss Manfredi.
You can blame your blood
for this.
Family can take you the highest
and bring you
to the lowest depth.
Tie her up.
[Margaret]
I am not a prognosticator.
but wow.
Thresher's looking
at a landslide.
Numbers were good before.
but man.
Until they tried to blow him up.
Yeah.
He's asked me to stay on.
join his administration.
Kind of a... advisor.
You don't need
to get involved in this.
Aren't I already involved?
But you really don't need
to go down that road.
It's good to have people
on the inside. Dwight.
Yeah.
May the best man win.
Say goodbye to Joanne for me.
[door opens]
[door closes]
Joanne?
Joanne? You up?
[knocking]
Joanne.
♪ slow. eerie music ♪
Fuck.
-Yo. Joanne?
-Joanne?
Her car is here.
but Joanne's gone.
-Have you searched the place?
-I'll search
a second time.
but doors were unlocked.
What about the cameras?
[Mitch]
Bodhi said they were disabled.
[phone buzzes]
[Joanne]
Dwight.
Joanne. where the hell are you?
[Jeremiah]
Blood or bourbon. Mr. Manfredi?
What's more important to you?
You up for a trade?
-[muffled shouting]
-Fair value exchange. not unlike
the one you once offered me?
You know
I'm gonna end you. right?
[chuckles]
No.
It'll most likely end
in your death.
which I already told you
I'd be there to watch.
But yours is gonna be
un-fucking-forgettable.
♪ slow. tense music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ percussive. upbeat music ♪
♪ dramatic. percussive music ♪
♪♪♪
[Dwight]
All right. men.
We're going to war.
but we can't move until we know
exactly what we're up against.
I'm gonna need some real
manpower and some real hitters.
I got a few of those
in the family tree.
We got to be prepared.
so here's a list
of weapons we're gonna need.
I'm on it.
Let's get to it.
[Jeremiah]
Would you like some coffee?
Take cream or sugar?
You take it black.
like your wardrobe?
I've never hit a woman.
My mama. she taught me
to spare the fairer sex.
-Hmm?
-Hmm.
You just burn up old men
in their homes?
That was your brother
that created the situation
that caused that event.
He lit the fire. in his own way.
I've been pushed.
Your brother pushed me
and brought me to this place.
Brought you to this place.
Just sign it.
♪ suspenseful music ♪
A simple signature
will spare us any more violence.
You sign the distillery
over to me.
and all will be forgiven.
Your brother cares about you.
And. right now. he's waiting.
loaded for bear.
Be best not to bring him
into this. Miss Manfredi.
Put your name on the papers.
You know what?
You can't even see what's
right in front of your face.
And what is that?
You lost.
We got to fucking fix this.
Our distro's getting killed.
I'll tell him. I'll tell him.
Hey. I need to talk to him.
Nope. Not now.
[Joanne speaking indistinctly]
Now who's he in with?
[Cole]
All right.
[country music playing
over speakers]
[door chimes]
How's it going?
Hey. You Fred?
I am. sir.
Oh. ain't no need to "sir" me.
Call me Lee.
-All right. Lee.
-So. Dwight said
I can come over here
and acquire a vehicle.
-[laughs softly]
-That right?
Yes. sir. That's right.
Anything on the lot
or on the floor.
-Mm. Anything?
-Yes. sir.
Clean plates? Registration?
For any of the vehicles.
you got it.
Mm. mm. mm.
You know. I was just thinking.
this here looks just like
my new Cadillac.
I was thinking the same thing.
Get you some keys.
All righty then.
-I can't believe he done this.
-[gasps]
[sniffles. breathes heavily]
Yeah?
Thank you.
You got to get me out of here.
Well. getting you past
the guards. it's not easy.
-Yeah. well. call the cops.
-My father's got a lot of pull
with the cops.
What is he asking for?
To sign over the distillery.
Then you should do it.
Manfredi has weed.
he has casinos.
I mean. give up the booze.
and it's all over.
Say I sign it over.
You think your father's
gonna let me out of here?
You think Dwight's gonna let him
get away with this?
No.
♪ atmospheric music ♪
♪♪♪
You can cut the tension in here
with a fucking knife.
Goddamn.
What's going on?
Dunmire has my sister.
and I don't know
where he's holding her.
We'll find her.
Well. Lee. I appreciate
the concern. I really do.
but this is my problem.
And you. you got
to get your ass out of Tulsa
before Ray finds you.
and he will.
I can take care of my own ass.
Right now. I'm here.
All right?
Hey. You look nervous. my man.
It's all gonna work out.
[sighs] Hope so.
I got you. brother.
Thank you. brother.
[soft music playing]
[beeping]
-Spencer. you're everywhere.
-Hey. Bodhi.
We got to keep the shop open
after hours.
I don't know
how this is gonna play out.
but if Joanne seeks safety.
she may come here.
-Right.
-We need to keep a light on.
Okay. I'm on it.
I'll-I'll crash here.
Just in case.
Yeah.
What the fuck
are you doing here?
I've come to help.
Yeah? Where's Joanne?
Where the fuck did you take her?
-Wait. Bodhi.
-I didn't take her.
Listen.
I got to talk to Manfredi.
What do you have
to talk to him about?
I know where his sister is.
[Lee]
I know one thing.
He ain't gonna hurt her long
as he needs something from you.
We gonna find her.
and we gonna save her.
And afterwards. we're gonna put
an epic ass whupping
on that
motherfucking peckerwood.
Oh. yeah.
Damn.
Who are these little fellas?
Boss. these are my cousins.
-Come on.
-Damn.
I thought
we grew 'em big in Louisiana.
[scoffs]
[indistinct chatter]
Boys. this is my man
Rickett the Cricket.
The hound dog of hound dogs.
He's gonna take care of us.
Hell fucking yeah.
[Rickett] All right.
What's your preference?
Oh. this .50 cal is pretty.
We ain't taking out
fucking fighter jets.
Party pooper.
Got any hand grenades?
-I do.
-[Mitch] Tear gas?
-Ten canisters?
-[Rickett] Indeed.
[Mitch]
Night vision goggles?
That I am out of at the moment.
We'll just get
some black tactical gear.
-various sizes. we'll be set.
-You got it.
We could invade Iraq
with this shit.
Nah. we're just going
to Dixieland Delight.
Let's load up.
♪ upbeat. energetic music ♪
♪♪♪
[phones ringing]
Ladies. gentlemen.
How are we doing in OKC? Good?
Thanks. Give me some.
Thank you. thank you. thank you.
-Thank you.
-Ah. Margaret.
I think you can throw away
that concession speech now.
Confident. Cal. not cocky.
So. have you thought
about my offer?
Was it an offer?
Because it felt more
like an imperative.
You can call it
whatever the hell you want.
But when we win.
I want to move fast.
I offered to get you elected
-in exchange for my ranch.
-And I said when I win.
I'll sell you my shares.
pennies on the dollar.
-Tell me why.
-Why? Why what?
Why offer me the job?
Are you shitting me?
Margaret. look around.
-Look where we are.
-Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I got connections in Oklahoma.
I helped get you here.
But if I join you.
I'm no fucking moll.
Okay. I may have overstepped.
-And...
-And?
I want a say
in policy decisions.
I want a plank
in your fucking platform.
Margaret. you can have
whatever the fuck you want.
You have my word.
You helped me get here.
Why would I do
anything different?
And I won't wrangle Dwight
for you.
Oh. I think we can remove Dwight
from the picture altogether.
-Uh-huh.
-So. is that a yes?
Talk to me when the polls close.
When the polls close. I'll be
Governor Cal fucking Thresher.
[Jeremiah]
Would you like to say grace?
Dear Lord God.
we bless this food to our use
in Christ's name. Amen.
It's been years since I had a...
woman sit with me for sup.
My wife would be
so disappointed.
In the kidnapping?
What I've been reduced to.
My failure. my failings.
She passed away
right before
my son Joshua enlisted overseas.
He died a hero.
She would've blamed me
for his sacrifice. but...
sacrifice is critical
for self-purification.
integrity of family.
♪ soft. mysterious music ♪
What about Dwight?
Has he truly ever sacrificed?
He sacrificed 25 years
of his life.
Well. that was
for his criminal family.
not blood. not you.
That's a man with no conscience.
no regrets does he have.
What about you. Jeremiah?
Do you have regret?
For anything?
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
[Mitch]
Joanne's bait.
That's plain and simple.
So we got to figure out
what we're walking into.
How many men. how many guns.
Because we can't
let these motherfuckers
triangulate fire.
That'll be
a goddamn turkey shoot.
We need to match up man to man.
These guys are hardcore.
They got soldiers in place.
-Bad timing.
-It's important.
What are you doing here.
Spencer?
This is only for you to hear.
Then talk.
♪ ominous music ♪
Oh. what the fuck
are you doing here?
[Dwight]
That's it. That's it.
Put the gun down.
What do you mean put it away?
This fucker tried to kill me.
burned Montague alive.
What the fuck
are you doing here?
Everyone hold it together.
What is the son
of my worst fucking enemy
showing up here for?
-He wants to help.
-He talks. not you. okay?
You know.
as a matter of fact. fuck it.
I'm debating whether to put
your brains all over this table
rather than hear you out.
Now. I-I ain't got a clue
who you is.
but you are
one lucky motherfucker.
[scoffs]
You see that expression
right there?
That expression usually means
your ass ought
to be in a box in the ground.
I want to help.
I talked to your sister.
She's okay. for now.
I'm done
following my father around.
doing his dark shit.
Spencer. this shit is
a bad fucking look.
Cole helped save
a lot of people.
and Margaret.
in the hotel explosion.
He was the one that warned us.
[Lee]
Now. you know
I done looked in the eyes
of a whole bunch
of lying motherfuckers
before I took their souls
by pressing that trigger.
You have.
This boy right here.
he's telling the truth.
He wants to atone.
Don't you. son?
Yes. sir.
Somebody get me
a pad and pencil.
Hey.
How many men they got up there?
-Around 20.
-How many weapons?
They got a damn armory in
the building next to the house.
All right.
You're gonna draw me
a detailed map
of the house you're living in--
every room. every corner.
every exit. every entrance.
every inch.
And you're gonna tell me
which room my sister is in.
Start writing.
When do you expect
your brother to react?
Maybe he won't.
That supposed to be humor?
He does what he wants.
I don't think
you understand the seriousness
of this. Miss Manfredi.
This is no goddamn joke!
[cheering]
But I am so proud
of what
we all accomplished together.
[cheering]
For those of you
who supported me.
thank you
from the bottom of my heart.
And for those of you
who didn't.
I just want you
to know one thing.
I am here to work and fight
for every single one of you.
[cheering]
God bless you all.
and God bless Oklahoma!
♪ upbeat music ♪
Lee. why don't you take
the left side?
My sister's obviously
on this side.
on the right side.
so that's where I'm going.
Me. Bigfoot. and the cousins.
we'll take the front.
You boys will be in charge
of most of the frag grenades
and the M203 smoke launchers.
You good with that?
We're good.
Two Army. one Marine.
Hooah.
You boys got your dark fatigues?
We don't need
any stinking fatigues.
Well. what they got's
dark enough.
Fuck it. That'll work.
So-so we doing this tonight?
Yeah. we're going in at 3 a.m.
So. why don't you go change.
you come back here
and let's just study strategy.
strategy. strategy.
-Damn.
-[Dwight chuckles]
Hey. listen.
I need you to stick around.
I'm a soldier in this.
No. you're a capo.
Something happens to me.
who's gonna run this joint?
Right?
-You got it.
-[Dwight tapping bar]
♪ ominous. suspenseful music ♪
[clock ticking]
♪♪♪
It took guts to do that.
Or am I just a failure as a son?
You're a good man.
and you've done some bad things.
but that was your father
working his hate through you.
I don't remember one good day.
[Grace]
Hey. can I ask you something?
Yeah. of course.
Have you ever done
anything like this?
-Mm... No. not really.
-No?
Uh. no. Why?
I was gonna ask for some advice.
[chuckles]
Ain't got none. really. Um...
I usually take people out
one by each.
But I'm looking forward to this.
How about you. General?
Tyson. lights. please.
Yeah. I got it.
♪ tense. suspenseful music ♪
♪♪♪
All right. You know what to do.
You know what to do.
Go. go. go.
♪♪♪
I know your brother
is coming for you.
I'm ready for him.
He's gonna die. unless you...
sign it.
♪ "Bad to the Bone" by George
Thorogood & The Destroyers ♪
[Jeremiah]
What the hell?!
♪♪♪
[grunts]
[exclaims]
[yells]
♪ On the day I was born♪
♪ The nurses all gathered
round♪
♪ And they gazed
in wide wonder♪
♪ At the joy they had found♪
♪ The head nurse spoke up♪
♪ Said. "Leave this one alone"♪
♪ She could tell right away♪
♪ That I was bad to the bone♪
♪ Bad to the bone♪
-[gas hissing]
-[coughing]
♪ Bad to the bone♪
♪ B-B-B-B-Bad♪
♪ I broke a thousand hearts♪
♪ Before I met you♪
♪ I'll break a thousand more.
baby♪
♪ Before I am through♪
♪ I wanna be yours.
pretty baby♪
♪ Yours and yours alone♪
[coughing]
♪ I'm here to tell you. honey♪
-♪ That I'm bad to the bone♪
-[coughing]
[Lee] Ha!
This too motherfucking easy.
♪ B-B-B-B-Bad♪
[Lee]
Over here. good buddy.
♪ B-B-B-B-Bad♪
♪ Bad to the bone♪
♪ I'll make a rich woman beg♪
♪ And I'll make
a good woman steal♪
♪ I'll make
an old woman blush...♪
[Lee]
Guardian angel. to the rescue.
[laughs]
♪ I wanna be yours.
pretty baby♪
♪ Yours and yours alone♪
♪ I'm here to tell ya. honey♪
♪ That I'm bad to the bone♪
-♪ B-B-B-B-Bad♪
-[coughing]
♪ B-B-B-B-Bad♪
♪ Bad to the bone♪
[grunts]
[coughing]
[Dwight exclaims]
[gun clicks empty]
Ah. fuck.
[muttering]
-[Dwight] Joanne?
-[Joanne coughing]
[Dwight] Come on.
Come on. Come here.
-[smoke alarm beeping]
-I got you. Come on. Come on.
-[continues coughing]
-I got you. I got you.
All right. Get behind me.
-We're almost there.
-[Mitch] Dwight?
[Dwight] Mitch.
Take her. get her some air.
She'll be okay.
-[Mitch] I got her.
-[Dwight] You got her?
[Mitch]
Yeah. All good.
[Dwight]
I'm going after Dunmire.
Nobody follow me.
[Mitch]
Copy!
♪ Bad to the bone...♪
Oof.
[men coughing]
[Lee]
Runners. Go ahead. y'all.
Little more.
That's far enough.
[gunshot]
[chuckles]
Let me have the big teddy bear
on the top row. please.
[laughs]
[crickets chirping]
♪ tense music ♪
♪♪♪
[glass shatters]
[Dwight yells]
[both grunting]
[grunts]
-[groans]
-[growls]
♪♪♪
[groaning softly]
Being somewhat religious.
you may like this story.
There's a creature
called the Jesus lizard.
And they call it
the Jesus lizard
because it can run
across the water.
It hits it with its big claws
and creates a cushion.
like a bubble.
And that reminds me of you
because you think
you can walk on water.
Until...
you make a mistake
and burst that bubble
and sink beneath the surface
where a predator is waiting
to devour you.
♪ "Bad Company"
by Five Finger Death Punch ♪
Do you remember when we met
at the funeral of your friend
who was burned alive?
And I said.
"It hurts just to burn a finger.
Imagine your whole body
burning."
[breathing heavily]
Now you'll know.
♪ I was born♪
♪ A shotgun in my hands♪
♪ Behind the gun♪
♪ I'll make my final stand♪
♪ Yeah♪
♪ That's why they call me♪
♪ Bad company♪
♪ I can't deny♪
♪ Bad. bad company♪
♪ Till the day I die♪
♪ Until the day I die♪
[laughter]
[upbeat music playing]
Um. first of all.
I just want to say that. um.
I'm real sorry
I ain't get to know
everybody here all that good.
but we raised a special kind
of hell together.
so I ain't never
gonna forget y'all.
And. uh. my man.
-Appreciate you.
-Ah.
Seeing what you've done here
makes me want to go back
to New Orleans and maybe...
start something new.
-There you go.
-[Lee] I mean. shit.
if the General can do it.
how goddamn hard can it be?
[laughter]
Anybody could do it.
So. if any of y'all make it down
to New Orleans. holler.
-Hear. hear.
-Salud. Salud.
-Cheers.
-Love you. man.
All right. See y'all.
Okay.
Stop it. stop it. Ah.
Take care. brother. Take care.
Why don't you get up there
and show 'em how it's done?
Who. me?
Oh. I suppose I can
scrounge something up.
-[Dwight] Yeah. yeah.
-[laughs]
-Uh-oh.
Why don't you
get up there and sing?
You want to lose all
our customers?
I'll be right back.
I got to go.
Just watch them.
[keypad beeps]
[Musso]
That for me?
You got something I want?
I had to call in favors
from high up.
That is a Federal Basic Permit.
label approved
and "the impossible to get"
TTB. Alcohol Tax
and Trade Bureau.
You fucking owe me.
Where's the body?
Does it really matter?
As long as no one else
can find it.
They won't.
Okay.
When I need you.
I'll come calling.
[band playing John Moreland's
"Ain't We Gold"]
♪♪♪
So... did I miss anything?
Me. hopefully.
[both laugh]
♪ Whirlwind dancing
like a snake in the sky♪
like a snake♪
♪ Friend. don't you let
another day go by♪
♪ Shaken that your heart
might break♪
♪ Looking so hard that
you can't see the picture♪
♪ A number with a magic touch♪
♪ Throwing gold bricks
through a rich man's window♪
♪ Tragic when it don't add up♪
♪ But ain't we gold?♪
♪ Ain't love true?♪
♪ Baby. it's a good.
good thing♪
♪ I got you♪
♪ A carrot on a string.
cartoon wealth♪
♪ Oh. Lord.
a carrot on a string♪
♪ In churches learning how
to hate yourself♪
♪ Ain't grace
a wretched old thing?♪
♪ Whole wide world.
stepping on toes♪
♪ Whole world stepping on toes♪
♪ Chewing up diamonds.
shitting out coal♪
♪ Tell me where the time
all goes♪
♪ But ain't we gold♪
♪ Baby. it's a good thing♪
♪ Baby. it's a good.
good thing♪
♪ I got you♪